This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project
to make the worlds books discoverable online,
lthas survivedlong cnough forthe copyright to expire andthe book toenter the public domain. A public domain book is onc that was neversubject
to copzright or Mhose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books
are our gateways to the past, representing a Wealth ofhistory, culture and knowvledge thats often ditlicult t0 discover.
Marks, notations and other marginalid present in the origindl volume will appear in this hle - A reminder of this book s long journey from the
publisherto a library and hinally to you.
Dsage Guidelines
Google is proudto partner with libraries to digitire public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to kecp providing this resource, we have taken steps to
Prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automdted querying.
Wealso ask that you.
t Make non-commercial use ofthe files Me designed Google Book Scarch for use by individuals, and we request that you usc these piles fot
Persondl, nonComercial purposes.
A Refrain from automated querving Do not send automated gueries of any sortto Boogle s system. If you are Conducting rescarch on machine
translation, optical character recognition or other arcas where access to a large amount oftextis helptul, please Contact us. Me encourage the
use ofpublic domain materials for these purposes and may be able tohelp.
A Maintain attribution The Google t watermarki you sec on cach hle is essential for informing people about this project andhelping them tind.
aaditiondl materials through Google Book Search. Please do notremove i.
t Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in othcy
Countries. Mhether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific usc of
any specihic book is allowved. Please do not assume that a books appearance in Google Book Scarch means it can be used in Any Manner
Anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liability can be quite severe.
About Google Book Bearch
Google's mission is to organire the worlds information and to make it universally accessible and uscful. Google Book Scarch helps readers
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach nemr audiences. Lou can scarchthrough the fulltext ofthis book on the web
Aunttp. ((hooks.g00gle.com